README.md, before:

# The MovieVerse

Welcome to The MovieVerse - your digital compass to the cinematic universe. This application is designed to serve as a bridge connecting movie enthusiasts with an extensive collection of films across various genres and time periods. Dive into an ocean of narratives, where stories come to life, right at your fingertips.

---

## Table of Contents

- [App Image](#app-image)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

## User Interface
<p align="center">
  <img src="images/screenshot.png" alt="The MovieVerse App Interface"/>
</p>

## Introduction

The MovieVerse is an endeavor by Son Nguyen Hoang (David), crafted with the vision of creating a seamless and enriching experience for movie lovers. It's more than just a database; it's a portal to explore, discover, and immerse yourself in the art of cinema.

Through The MovieVerse, users can search for movies, view detailed information, rate and review films, and interact with a community of like-minded cinephiles. It's a platform that celebrates cinema in all its forms, from blockbuster hits to indie gems.

There is also a mobile version of The MovieVerse, which is developed using Apache Cordova. The mobile application is under review and will be available on the App Store and Google Play Store soon!

## Features

- **Search Functionality**: Find movies by title, actor, director, or genre with ease.
- **Detailed Information**: Access in-depth details of movies, including synopses, cast and crew, ratings, and reviews.
- **Interactive Database**: Rate movies, write reviews, and read opinions from other users.
- **Responsive Design**: Enjoy a seamless experience across various devices and screen sizes.
- **Curated Lists**: Explore collections of new releases, most popular, trending, and genre-specific movies.
- **Movie Details Page**: Each movie comes with its own detailed page, offering a plethora of information from cast to similar movies.
- **Community Engagement**: Share your movie experiences and become part of The MovieVerse community.
- **Movie Timeline**: Explore the evolution of cinema by selecting a specific time period and discovering movies from that era.
- **User Sign On**: Create an account and log in with Google to unlock additional features, such as rating movies and writing reviews.
- **Movie Matching**: Find movies that match your preferences by rating movies and writing reviews.
- **Movie ChatBot**: Chat with our chatbot, MovieBot, to learn more about the application.

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/hoangsonww/The-MovieVerse-Database.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd MovieVerse
   ```
3. Install dependencies (if any):
   ```
   npm install
   ```
4. Start the application:
   ```
   npm start
   ```

## Usage

Upon launching The MovieVerse, you'll be greeted with a user-friendly interface where you can:

- Use the search bar to find your desired movie.
- Click on any movie card to view its detailed information.
- Navigate to the About page to learn more about the project and its creator.
- Return home at any time by clicking the 'Home' button.
- Chat with our chatbot, MovieBot, to learn more about the application.
- Create a watchlist by clicking the 'Add to Favorites' button on any movie in its movie-details page.
- View your watchlist by clicking the 'Favorites' button on the navigation bar.
- View detailed information about a movie by clicking the 'Details' button on any movie in your watchlist.
- View detailed information about a director by clicking the 'Details' button on any director in a movie's details page.
- View detailed information about an actor by clicking the 'Details' button on any actor in a movie's details page.
- Create a movie timeline by clicking the 'Timeline' button on the navigation bar.
- View a list of movies from a specific time period by clicking on the corresponding year in the timeline.
- And more!

## Technologies
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vue](https://vuejs.org/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/)
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
- [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/)
- [Apache Cordova](https://cordova.apache.org/)
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- [React Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/)
- [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)
- [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
- [Django REST Framework](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/)
- [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/)
- [Flask RESTful](https://flask-restful.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- [SASS](https://sass-lang.com/)
- [Single Spa](https://single-spa.js.org/)
- [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/)
- [Babel](https://babeljs.io/)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [JavaScript](https://www.javascript.com/)
- [HTML](https://html.com/)
- [CSS](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html)

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

## Contact

Son Nguyen Hoang - [@hoangsonww](https://github.com/hoangsonww)

Project Link: [https://github.com/hoangsonww/The-MovieVerse-Database](https://github.com/hoangsonww/The-MovieVerse-Database)

---

Please also note that the MovieVerse is an ever-evolving platform. I am continually enhancing the user experience and adding new features, like the Movie Timeline, to help you navigate the vast sea of cinema with ease and excitement. 
Also note that you can get the most out of our app with a desktop and by signing in with Google.

Commit message:

Enhanced watchlists & favorite functionalities AND add CNAME

README.md, after:

# The MovieVerse App

Welcome to The MovieVerse - your digital compass to the cinematic universe. This application is designed to serve as a bridge connecting movie enthusiasts with an extensive collection of films across various genres and time periods. Dive into an ocean of narratives, where stories come to life, right at your fingertips.

---

## Table of Contents

- [App Image](#app-image)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

## User Interface
<p align="center">
  <img src="images/screenshot.png" alt="The MovieVerse App Interface"/>
</p>

## Introduction

The MovieVerse is an endeavor by Son Nguyen Hoang (David), crafted with the vision of creating a seamless and enriching experience for movie lovers. It's more than just a database; it's a portal to explore, discover, and immerse yourself in the art of cinema.

Through The MovieVerse, users can search for movies, view detailed information, rate and review films, and interact with a community of like-minded cinephiles. It's a platform that celebrates cinema in all its forms, from blockbuster hits to indie gems.

There is also a mobile version of The MovieVerse, which is developed using Apache Cordova. The mobile application is under review and will be available on the App Store and Google Play Store soon!

## Features

- **Search Functionality**: Find movies by title, actor, director, or genre with ease.
- **Detailed Information**: Access in-depth details of movies, including synopses, cast and crew, ratings, and reviews.
- **Interactive Database**: Rate movies, write reviews, and read opinions from other users.
- **Responsive Design**: Enjoy a seamless experience across various devices and screen sizes.
- **Curated Lists**: Explore collections of new releases, most popular, trending, and genre-specific movies.
- **Movie Details Page**: Each movie comes with its own detailed page, offering a plethora of information from cast to similar movies.
- **Community Engagement**: Share your movie experiences and become part of The MovieVerse community.
- **Movie Timeline**: Explore the evolution of cinema by selecting a specific time period and discovering movies from that era.
- **User Sign On**: Create an account and log in with Google to unlock additional features, such as rating movies and writing reviews.
- **Movie Matching**: Find movies that match your preferences by rating movies and writing reviews.
- **Movie ChatBot**: Chat with our chatbot, MovieBot, to learn more about the application.
- **Movie Watchlists**: Create a watchlist by adding movies to your favorites and view them at any time. You can also create multiple watchlists for different genres, time periods, or any other criteria you desire!

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/hoangsonww/The-MovieVerse-Database.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd MovieVerse
   ```
3. Install dependencies (if any):
   ```
   npm install
   ```
4. Start the application:
   ```
   npm start
   ```

## Usage

Upon launching The MovieVerse, you'll be greeted with a user-friendly interface where you can:

- Use the search bar to find your desired movie.
- Click on any movie card to view its detailed information.
- Navigate to the About page to learn more about the project and its creator.
- Return home at any time by clicking the 'Home' button.
- Chat with our chatbot, MovieBot, to learn more about the application.
- Create a watchlist by clicking the 'Add to Favorites' button on any movie in its movie-details page.
- View your watchlist by clicking the 'Favorites' button on the navigation bar.
- View detailed information about a movie by clicking the 'Details' button on any movie in your watchlist.
- View detailed information about a director by clicking the 'Details' button on any director in a movie's details page.
- View detailed information about an actor by clicking the 'Details' button on any actor in a movie's details page.
- Create a movie timeline by clicking the 'Timeline' button on the navigation bar.
- View a list of movies from a specific time period by clicking on the corresponding year in the timeline.
- And more!

## Technologies
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vue](https://vuejs.org/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/)
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
- [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/)
- [Apache Cordova](https://cordova.apache.org/)
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- [React Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/)
- [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)
- [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
- [Django REST Framework](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/)
- [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/)
- [Flask RESTful](https://flask-restful.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- [SASS](https://sass-lang.com/)
- [Single Spa](https://single-spa.js.org/)
- [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/)
- [Babel](https://babeljs.io/)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [JavaScript](https://www.javascript.com/)
- [HTML](https://html.com/)
- [CSS](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html)

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

## Contact

Son Nguyen Hoang - [@hoangsonww](https://github.com/hoangsonww)

Project Link: [https://github.com/hoangsonww/The-MovieVerse-Database](https://github.com/hoangsonww/The-MovieVerse-Database)

---

Please also note that the MovieVerse is an ever-evolving platform. I am continually enhancing the user experience and adding new features, like the Movie Timeline, to help you navigate the vast sea of cinema with ease and excitement. 
Also note that you can get the most out of our app with a desktop and by signing in with Google.
